there's actually a difference between
visible and usable Abs if you don't
believe me try this visible ABS also
known as the six-pack are made through
lower than average body fat percentages
but there are exceptions like Eddie Hall
who has such big abdominals that they
could poke through basically anything at
all anyway usable ABS in this case help
assist me in the moves that I want to do
so in your case usable my keys fell out
usable could actually mean the ability
to twist better or to race so you can
lift heavier weights or any other metric
that you want to judge it by usable ABS
could even be the ability to do better
vacuums so that you can do amazing poses
as a bodybuilder oh as you could tell
I'm obviously not a bodybuilder so there
are only two easy steps that you do to
get to my level of usable ABS step one
would be pick your favorite plank
variation that you can do relatively
easily easy medium hard and of course
hardest and step two pick a compression
exercise that you can do rather easily
easy medium hard and
hardest cramping quads is actually
normal that happens to me every single
time because believe it or not one of
your hip flexors the muscles that lifts
your leg is actually one of your quad
muscles and that's the muscle that
cramps up once I've done both of those
I'm going to rest for I don't know
between 30 seconds to a minute and then
I'm going to get straight back at it and
do it yet again when I do this I
typically do three sets of each of these
exercises but I got to be honest with
you I have an actually done this in a
very long time that's because when you
gain the strength as long as you use it
at least a little bit it's going to be
very difficult to lose the reason why I
choose plank as one of the exercises is
because it teaches you how to keep your
core stable even when gravity is
literally trying to push you down to the
ground and of course the reason why I
choose a compression exercise is because
believe it or not the easier it is to
compress yourself together the easier it
becomes to access your hamstring range
of motion it also means that your
gaining the strength to actually use
your flexibility for I don't know I'm
not a martial artist so I can't even say
anything to that but just like the skill
you saw earlier look here's the
compression and then once you go through
toward your handstand here's the static
hold so recap lower body fat visible abs
hold a plank for 20 seconds do 20 reps
of compression bounce back and forth
till you've done each exercise three
times and then you've got visible and
usable ABS stay
flexy
ah
yes yes I'm doing an outro oh my
[Music]
goodness